#RBbasic
Sutton Schames - Class of 2026
## Who are you, and what do you do?
Hiiii!!!!! I am currently a Senior at Byram Hills High School, and I am basically Stepan's manager and assistant. This year, I'm a co-builder, note booker, and strategy lead. I have been president of our school's robotics club since the beginning of my Junior year, and have attended a total of 5 tournaments since my Sophomore year. As a co-president, I do a lot of team organization, logistics, outreach, and threatening teenage boys with deodorant
### How did we get here?
My intro to robotics started after I binge watched Iron Man movies with my dad. Something about the combination of blue LEDs, sparks, and gears began an addiction, and 8 year old me committed entirely to building. I threw myself at anything "techy", became obsessed with circuits, Minecraft redstone, and LEGOs. So, now I'm here! I joined the robotics class in my freshman year, co-founded the club in my Sophomore year, and became a co-president in my Junior year. It's safe to say that I spend most of my time thinking about or doing something related to robotics.  
### What do you add to the team?
While I have a strong background in programming, I'm not even close to Stepan's level. I do a lot of design and build tests for the team, though, I use OnShape and ProtoBot to do CAD work, which I'm considered weird for loving. I spend a lot of time in Robotics class and club troubleshooting with newer members, or trying to figure out if I can add a flywheel to something. I've been labeled one of the more "socially adept" members of the team, so I do lots of outreach, research, and alliance planning. In addition, I love helping- if someone at competition has a build issue I do my best to fix it with them so we can all have a fun day. As an AP English student, it's natural that most of the writing in this ntoebook will be done by me. This works out quite well since I don't have the same time availability as Stepan, and this work can be done outside of the RoboRoom. Some final things to note; I'm obsessed with flywheels, polycarb, and stickers. If I can help it, our robot will be covered in stickers.

